c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v19.2.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v19.2.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.2.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v19.2.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v19.2.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.2.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v19.2.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v19.2.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.2.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v19.2.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v19.2.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.2.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v19.2.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v19.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Form1.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.pdb
